# CS230Operatingplatform
I was working for a company seeking to develop a web-based game that can run on multiple platforms. The name of the game was called “Draw it or Lose it” which currently only offers the game application for Android applications. I feel as if I did particularly well to address the technical requirements, design constraints, and the systems architecture. Working through the design document helped me to create a structured roadmap for my code. If I were only to choose one part of my work to revise on these documents, I would pick to go into depth about REST-based services over HTTP. I interpreted the users' needs and implemented them into my software design such as making the application cross-platform, scalable, and adhering to the clients' standards. As well it is extremely important to consider the users' needs when designing the game application because we are trying to please our clients to be considered again for future projects. The best way to do this is to give them exactly or extremely close to what the client has asked for. I approached designing the software by addressing the client's business and technical requirements, design constraints, system architecture, and platform evaluations. In the future to analyze and design a similar software application I will again make a software design document, regularly communicate with client to give and get information/feedback, and make sure that I have a team educated in the specific resources needed.  
